README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Awesome Bangladeshi Github Profile README</h1>
<div align="center"> 
    <img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg" alt="Awesome Badge"/> 
</div>

<div align="center">

Inspired By -
[abhisheknaiidu](https://github.com/abhisheknaiidu/awesome-github-profile-readme)

If you want to contribute read it - [CONTRIBUTE](https://github.com/moshfiqrony/awesome-bd-readme-profile/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md)

</div>

- [Categories](#categories)
  - [Simple and Nice](#Simple-and-nice)
  - [Badges](#Badges)
  - [Innovative](#Innovative)
  - [Descriptive](#Descriptive)
  - [Icon](#Icon)
  - [Code Mode](#Code-Mode)
  - [Images & Gifs](#Images-gifs)
- [tools](#tools)

## Categories

### Simple and Nice:

- [Uniminin](https://github.com/Uniminin)
- [Hirok Sarker](https://github.com/hiroksarker)
- [Humayun kabir](https://github.com/humayunkabir)
- [Manjurul Hoque Rumi](https://github.com/manjurulhoque)
- [Tasnuva Tabassum oshin](https://github.com/TasnuvaOshin)
- [5hifaT](https://github.com/jspw)
- [Shohanur Rahaman](https://github.com/shohan4556)
- [Fahim Muntashir](https://github.com/FahimMuntashir)
- [Sadman Kabir Soumik](https://github.com/sksoumik)
- [Maifee Ul Asad](https://github.com/maifeeulasad)
- [Eyakub](https://github.com/Eyakub)
- [Arnab Kumar Shil](https://github.com/ruddra)
- [Zonayed Ahmed](https://github.com/zonayedpca)
- [Rakib Uddin](https://github.com/RRakib)

### Badges:

- [Md. Moshfiqur Rahman Rony](https://github.com/moshfiqrony)
- [Delowar Hossain](https://github.com/delowardev)
- [Dedar Alam](https://github.com/devded)

### Innovative:

- [Azmain Adel](https://github.com/azmainadel)
- [Kawsar Ahmed](https://github.com/prokawsar)
- [Jobayer Arman](https://github.com/jobayerarman)
- [Mehedi Hasan Likhon](https://github.com/lifeoflikhon)
- [Shakirul Hasan](https://github.com/KhanShaheb34)

### Descriptive:

- [Lakshman](https://github.com/lgope)
- [Latif Siddiq Sunny](https://github.com/lsiddiqsunny)
- [Samnan Rahee](https://github.com/Geektrovert)
- [Hasan Mahmud](https://github.com/CodeMechanix)
- [Rasel Rana Rocky](https://github.com/i-rocky)
- [Kazi Amit Hasan](https://github.com/AmitHasanShuvo)
- [Fahad Hossain](https://github.com/fa7ad)
- [Asif Ahmed Neloy](https://github.com/NeloyNSU)
- [Sanviraj Zahin Haque](https://github.com/JasonHaque)
- [Shunjid Rahman Showrov](https://github.com/shunjid)
- [Md. Jamal Uddin](https://github.com/jamal-pb95)
- [Sajib Hossain](https://github.com/sajib1066)
- [Arturs Smirnovs](https://github.com/arturssmirnovs/arturssmirnovs)

### Icon:

- [Md Zinnatul Islam Morol](https://github.com/jinnatul)
- [Fayaz Bin Salam](https://github.com/p32929)
- [Maruf Ahmed](https://github.com/Maruf-Ahmed76)

### Code Mode:

- [Md Raihan](https://github.com/kingRayhan)
- [Manash Kumar Mandal](https://github.com/manashmandal)
- [Redowan Delowar](https://github.com/rednafi)
- [Kamran Hossain](https://github.com/kamranhossain)

### Images Gifs:

- [Muntakimur Rahaman](https://github.com/muntakim1)
- [Mahfuza Humayra Mohona](https://github.com/mhmohona)
- [Nehal Hasnayeen](https://github.com/Hasnayeen)

## Tools

- [Visitor Badge](https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/#docs) - Count visitors for your README.md, Issues, PRs in GitHub
- [1990s style Visitor Counter](https://twitter.com/ryanlanciaux/status/1283755637126705152) - Add a 1990s style visitor counter with one line of markdown.
- [Vists Count](https://pufler.dev/git-badges/) - Count visitors for README.md that can be used with shields.io
- [Shields Project](https://shields.io/) - Use Shields to create profile badges, compatible with Simple Icons
- [Github Readme Stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) - Get dynamically generated GitHub stats on your readmes
- [Simple Icons](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons#cdn-usage) - SVG icons for popular brands for your README.md files
- [Laravel GitHub Profile Visit Counter](https://github.com/caneco/laravel-github-profile-view-counter) - Add on your Laravel project a quick-badge to count your profile visits.
- [Dev Metrics in Readme](https://github.com/athul/waka-readme) - [WakaTime](https://wakatime.com/) Weekly Metrics on your Profile Readme
- [Profile Activity Generator](https://github.com/omidnikrah/profile-activity-generator) - Generate custom profile activity for your profile README
- [Current UTC time](https://github.com/jojoee/jojoee) - Example code of server that can serve dynamic content on GitHub profile
- [Github Activity in README](https://github.com/jamesgeorge007/github-activity-readme) - Updates `README.md` with the recent GitHub activity of a user
- [Github Profile README Generator](https://github.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator) - This tool provides an easy way to create github profile readme with latest addons like `visitors count`, `github stats` etc.
- [Dynamic Profile Page On Github](https://github.com/umutphp/github-action-dynamic-profile-page) - Get dynamically generated list of your commits (of the repositories that the action is configured) on GitHub profile readme.
- [npm package downloads](https://github.com/maddhruv/github-readme-npm-downloads) - Show all of your npm packages and their total downloads
- [All Dev Stats in Readme](https://github.com/anmol098/waka-readme-stats) - [WakaTime](https://wakatime.com/) All Weekly Metrics on your Profile Readme with extra feature flags to toggle code Editors used, os worked on, show timezone, top working projects
- [Feedparser](https://pythonhosted.org/feedparser/) - Convenient processing of RSS files
- [Github Profile README Generator](https://github.com/arturssmirnovs/github-profile-readme-generator) - This project allows you to create nice and simple github profile readme files.

Commit message:

Added profile to code mode
Added my profile @anmol098 to code mode category
and modified my Github action tool description

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Awesome Bangladeshi Github Profile README</h1>
<div align="center"> 
    <img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg" alt="Awesome Badge"/> 
</div>

<div align="center">

Inspired By -
[abhisheknaiidu](https://github.com/abhisheknaiidu/awesome-github-profile-readme)

If you want to contribute read it - [CONTRIBUTE](https://github.com/moshfiqrony/awesome-bd-readme-profile/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md)

</div>

- [Categories](#categories)
  - [Simple and Nice](#Simple-and-nice)
  - [Badges](#Badges)
  - [Innovative](#Innovative)
  - [Descriptive](#Descriptive)
  - [Icon](#Icon)
  - [Code Mode](#Code-Mode)
  - [Images & Gifs](#Images-gifs)
- [tools](#tools)

## Categories

### Simple and Nice:

- [Uniminin](https://github.com/Uniminin)
- [Hirok Sarker](https://github.com/hiroksarker)
- [Humayun kabir](https://github.com/humayunkabir)
- [Manjurul Hoque Rumi](https://github.com/manjurulhoque)
- [Tasnuva Tabassum oshin](https://github.com/TasnuvaOshin)
- [5hifaT](https://github.com/jspw)
- [Shohanur Rahaman](https://github.com/shohan4556)
- [Fahim Muntashir](https://github.com/FahimMuntashir)
- [Sadman Kabir Soumik](https://github.com/sksoumik)
- [Maifee Ul Asad](https://github.com/maifeeulasad)
- [Eyakub](https://github.com/Eyakub)
- [Arnab Kumar Shil](https://github.com/ruddra)
- [Zonayed Ahmed](https://github.com/zonayedpca)
- [Rakib Uddin](https://github.com/RRakib)

### Badges:

- [Md. Moshfiqur Rahman Rony](https://github.com/moshfiqrony)
- [Delowar Hossain](https://github.com/delowardev)
- [Dedar Alam](https://github.com/devded)

### Innovative:

- [Azmain Adel](https://github.com/azmainadel)
- [Kawsar Ahmed](https://github.com/prokawsar)
- [Jobayer Arman](https://github.com/jobayerarman)
- [Mehedi Hasan Likhon](https://github.com/lifeoflikhon)
- [Shakirul Hasan](https://github.com/KhanShaheb34)

### Descriptive:

- [Lakshman](https://github.com/lgope)
- [Latif Siddiq Sunny](https://github.com/lsiddiqsunny)
- [Samnan Rahee](https://github.com/Geektrovert)
- [Hasan Mahmud](https://github.com/CodeMechanix)
- [Rasel Rana Rocky](https://github.com/i-rocky)
- [Kazi Amit Hasan](https://github.com/AmitHasanShuvo)
- [Fahad Hossain](https://github.com/fa7ad)
- [Asif Ahmed Neloy](https://github.com/NeloyNSU)
- [Sanviraj Zahin Haque](https://github.com/JasonHaque)
- [Shunjid Rahman Showrov](https://github.com/shunjid)
- [Md. Jamal Uddin](https://github.com/jamal-pb95)
- [Sajib Hossain](https://github.com/sajib1066)
- [Arturs Smirnovs](https://github.com/arturssmirnovs/arturssmirnovs)

### Icon:

- [Md Zinnatul Islam Morol](https://github.com/jinnatul)
- [Fayaz Bin Salam](https://github.com/p32929)
- [Maruf Ahmed](https://github.com/Maruf-Ahmed76)

### Code Mode:

- [Md Raihan](https://github.com/kingRayhan)
- [Manash Kumar Mandal](https://github.com/manashmandal)
- [Redowan Delowar](https://github.com/rednafi)
- [Kamran Hossain](https://github.com/kamranhossain)
- [Anmol Singh](https://github.com/anmol098)

### Images Gifs:

- [Muntakimur Rahaman](https://github.com/muntakim1)
- [Mahfuza Humayra Mohona](https://github.com/mhmohona)
- [Nehal Hasnayeen](https://github.com/Hasnayeen)

## Tools

- [Visitor Badge](https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/#docs) - Count visitors for your README.md, Issues, PRs in GitHub
- [1990s style Visitor Counter](https://twitter.com/ryanlanciaux/status/1283755637126705152) - Add a 1990s style visitor counter with one line of markdown.
- [Vists Count](https://pufler.dev/git-badges/) - Count visitors for README.md that can be used with shields.io
- [Shields Project](https://shields.io/) - Use Shields to create profile badges, compatible with Simple Icons
- [Github Readme Stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) - Get dynamically generated GitHub stats on your readmes
- [Simple Icons](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons#cdn-usage) - SVG icons for popular brands for your README.md files
- [Laravel GitHub Profile Visit Counter](https://github.com/caneco/laravel-github-profile-view-counter) - Add on your Laravel project a quick-badge to count your profile visits.
- [Dev Metrics in Readme](https://github.com/athul/waka-readme) - [WakaTime](https://wakatime.com/) Weekly Metrics on your Profile Readme
- [Profile Activity Generator](https://github.com/omidnikrah/profile-activity-generator) - Generate custom profile activity for your profile README
- [Current UTC time](https://github.com/jojoee/jojoee) - Example code of server that can serve dynamic content on GitHub profile
- [Github Activity in README](https://github.com/jamesgeorge007/github-activity-readme) - Updates `README.md` with the recent GitHub activity of a user
- [Github Profile README Generator](https://github.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator) - This tool provides an easy way to create github profile readme with latest addons like `visitors count`, `github stats` etc.
- [Dynamic Profile Page On Github](https://github.com/umutphp/github-action-dynamic-profile-page) - Get dynamically generated list of your commits (of the repositories that the action is configured) on GitHub profile readme.
- [npm package downloads](https://github.com/maddhruv/github-readme-npm-downloads) - Show all of your npm packages and their total downloads
- [All Dev Stats in Readme](https://github.com/anmol098/waka-readme-stats) - Are you an early 🐤 or a night 🦉? When are you most productive during the day? What languages you code in? And other stuff... Let's check out in your readme!
- [Feedparser](https://pythonhosted.org/feedparser/) - Convenient processing of RSS files
- [Github Profile README Generator](https://github.com/arturssmirnovs/github-profile-readme-generator) - This project allows you to create nice and simple github profile readme files.
